### Mission

DeStore´s mission is to empower brands to adopt Web3 commerce and become
self-sovereign. We are a technology service provider that facilitates convenient
and secure direct-to-customer (DTC) sales. DeStore enables DTC settlement by
merging hybrid products and payment data via blockchain-based Digital Twins.
Together, we are shaping the future of commerce by revolutionizing the way
brands connect with their customers in the rapidly evolving digital landscape.

### Vision

Our vision paints a future where brand holders seize complete control over
promoting and selling their products, shaping their self-sovereign destiny in
the digital world. Our central goal is to bridge the gap between traditional
real-life products and the revolutionary world of blockchain-based Digital
Twins, unlocking new immersive product-based experiences, leading to
unprecedented growth and expansion opportunities.

We firmly believe that the future of commerce lies in the transformative power
of Web3 technology. Our determination is to grow alongside the continuous
evolution of this field. By leveraging the latest advancements and dismantling
barriers, we strive to contribute to an all-inclusive and efficient Web3
ecosystem, propelling businesses and individuals to flourish.

### DeAR - K3D Ramen DAO

Sure, here's the text with spell-check:

DeAR emerged during the K3D hackathon as an answer to DeStore's challenge of
seamlessly integrating the next billion users from the e-commerce sector. In a
world brimming with intricate technicalities, the essence of human psychology
remains unwavering—what's cool, fun, and simple transcends cultural boundaries.
DeAR stands as an initiative empowering users, regardless of their familiarity
with web3, to engage in an enjoyable and innovative manner. It effectively
bridges the intricate landscape of web3 to the everyday user, signifying the
onset of a new era in global adoption amid this dynamic and promising age.

Inspired by Japan's beloved Ramen (Goku's favorite food) and merging it with
cutting-edge technology, we've crafted an experience that transcends traditional
dimensions. It's not just about savoring Japan's incredible taste; it's about
plunging into the future of web3 through DeAR. These experiences are meant to be
shared with friends and family through social interactions, enhanced by
state-of-the-art on-chain automated transactions.

Moreover, DeAR has the potential to transform businesses selling real-world
assets within Tokyo DAO. Through Geolocating, any pre-programmed image can serve
as a portal to a merchant's product, allowing for direct-to-customer sales via
an image in the real world. This innovation enhances customer engagement and
streamlines transactions, empowering businesses within the decentralized
autonomous organizations' sphere.

DeAR makes Web3 FUN !!
